Update job-scheduler.md (#3568)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/job-scheduler.md

The dbt Cloud scheduler prevents too many job runs from clogging the queue by canceling unnecessary ones. If a job takes longer to run than its scheduled frequency, the queue will grow faster than the scheduler can process the runs, leading to an ever-expanding queue with runs that don’t need to be processed (called _over-scheduled jobs_). 

> The scheduler prevents queue clog by canceling runs that aren't needed, ensuring there is only one run of the job in the queue at any given time. If a newer run is queued, any previous queued run for that job will be canceled and have an error message displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scheduler prevents queue clog by canceling runs that aren't needed, ensuring there is only one run of the job in the queue at any given time. If a newer run is queued, the scheduler cancels any previously queued run for that job and displays an error message.
```
